You're so brave.
Welcome, Prime Minister.
Prime Minister.
What brings you here?
The Prime Minister is here to attend your wedding with Van Hieu.
It is glorious to overlay us today.
At first I just wanted to torture you slowly.
But now the adults have arrived.
Looks like your ending was bad.
Let's wait and see.
Young Ly Van Hieu welcomed the Prime Minister
What happened to that arrow?
I told him to shoot.
You have an opinion.
In front of the Prime Minister, you can do anything.
Are you taking your life too long?
I really don't know how to live and die.
Be arrogant in front of the Prime Minister.
Even if thousands of leaders support you.
You have no way either.
Why are you still sitting there?
Get out of here!
Get down in front of the Prime Minister.
Prime Minister.
This person is a rural woman.
I don't know, it's not possible every day.
It's lawless.
Should serve large
What are you talking about?
The Prime Minister is angry.
I'll take care of this smelly old lady.
If I'm not mistaken.
Does she have to be your mother?
Prime Minister.
Even though she used to be my foster mother.
But what she did today has nothing to do with me.
Very well, Prime Minister, you can testify.
Van Hieu and rural women have abandoned their duties.
It's got nothing to do with it.
Right.
You mean he didn't have a crush on her?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Van Hieu is now only the son-in-law of our house.
She is also the adopted daughter of the princess.
It has nothing to do with him.
Princess Yoshiko
Huh?
What a great princess.
What a mean Yamano woman.
That's very brave.